Donovan Cycle P10

Dialogue:: That Xyla lady was bothering me earlier today. She kept asking if I'd like a job as a city rat catcher. So annoying!

Option1:: Why would Xyla be asking you about a rat catcher job?
Option2:: I bet it pays decent, and it'd be a steady gig.

Response1:: I mean, don't get me wrong. I love a good rat chase now and then. They're small and quick, so it makes it extra rewarding when you catch one of em'.[]Xyla seems to think I'd be pretty good at it. As like, a real "profession", I mean. Guess the city is having extra trouble with the rats these days, and all.
Response2:: Maybe. But the last thing I'm worried about is stuff like that. I'd have to work every day, report to some 'boss' and worst of all, I'd be on the prince's payroll![]And all for what? Some extra change in my pocket? I wanna chase rats when I feel like chasing rats, not because it's my obligation. No way.

Option1a:: What do you do with a rat when you catch it?
Option1b:: The idea of you chasing rats is hilarious.

Response1a:: See, that's the thing! I like to let the little guys go. Rat doesn't taste very good, so I see no sense in harming them. Xyla would want me to 'get rid' of the rats, though.
Response1b:: Yeah yeah, big bad Donovan the rat chaser, I know. But don't knock it until you try it. It's all sorts of fun, not to mention good exercise.[]I even let the rats go when I catch them, don't see a point in hurting them. Xyla would want me to 'get rid' of the rats, though.

Option2a:: Keeping the dream alive. I can appreciate that. //Relationship DonovanP10 2 Happy
Option2b:: A job would give you some possibilities, though. //Relationship DonovanP10 -1 Mad

Response2a:: Heheh, thanks, XX. I knew you'd understand. You're usually working everyday and I can understand that. We're just two different people in that way.[]Cool to have someone who's different, but understands. Rare in this world, for sure.
Response2b:: Ew, a pep talk. No thanks. Maybe some people need those kinds of "possibilities" in their lives, but I sure don't. I thought you of all people knew that. 

End