Iris Cycle P12

Dialogue:: I just cracked a project I've been working on for the last few months. Self-trimming grass!

Option1:: I'm curious how 'self-trimming' grass works.
Option2:: It seems like such an innovative invention.

Response1:: Okay, so it's not really "self-trimming" in the sense it cuts itself. But it only grows to a certain height![]This first variation tops out at around two inches, but now I can make future variants that grow to varying heights. Great for lawn control!
Response2:: I look at life as being a never-ending race. There's always something you can improve and make better![]First I'll probably take it to Nivara and get her approval. She likes to have the first look at anything I create, at least. Then I'll show it off to the Elven Elder.[]If he likes it, and believe me he always does, we'll roll it out around Nel'Vari. We'll just have to replace the native grass first, of course. But no more trimming!

Option1a:: How did you do it? //Emote none Happy
Option1b:: I can't even imagine how that works.

Response1a:: Great question! Well, let me explain in a way that's easy to understand...[]Plants, like anything else that's living, have certain "switches" inside of them that tell them how big to grow. I just found a way to manipulate those switches in grass. 
Response1b:: Well, let me explain in a way that's easy to understand...[]Plants, like anything else that's living, have certain "switches" inside of them that tell them how big to grow. I just found a way to manipulate those switches in grass.  

Option2a:: The native grass is boring and unenchanted, anyways. //Relationship IrisP12 2 Happy
Option2b:: So the current grass has to be gotten rid of? That seems a bit extreme. //Relationship IrisP12 -1 Mad

Response2a:: I don't think Nel'Vari's native grass is bad or anything, but I do love knowing that you're in tune with perpetual progress! 
Response2b:: That is how progress works, XX. My enchanted grass is easier to control, and will never have to be trimmed down to size.[]But you didn't stop to consider any of that, did you? 

End