Lucius Cycle 4

Dialogue:: Greetings! Good to see you again, XX.

Option1:: So how did you become an attendant to the moon, anyway?
Option2:: Could I ever become an attendant to the moon?

Response1:: Oh, so this is an interesting story. So I was just a normal Elf, right? Living in a mushroom and doing my thing. Well, the Elder puts out a notice that the attendants of the moon are recruiting.[]I thought it sounded interesting, so I joined the meeting where the Elder and Nivara explained the job. I realized two things during the meeting - that the attendants were a very important part of Nel'Vari...[]...And that no one wanted to join their order. Which makes sense. You're awake all night, your skin turns funny colors, and no one wants to hang out with you. It's a thankless job, so not many elect to do it.
Response2:: I don't see why you couldn't, though there is a slight issue with the recruitment process. You see, by tradition, the attendants of the moon only recruit once every 100 years...[]But hey, only 89 years left until the next recruitment drive! Although I suspect Wesley will be Elder by then... that'll be a really fun time.

Option1a:: I think your color looks amazing! //Relationship Lucius1 2
Option1b:: You should have let someone else do the job. //Relationship Lucius1 -1

Response1a:: Really? I mean, I know it's a striking color and all. That's what happens when you absorb enough of the moon's energy, I suppose. Everyone is always talking about how much they love mine and Opal's white hair.
Response1b:: How could I? There was a severe imbalance between the night and day of Nel'Vari. It was my duty to step up and help restore balance. I won't be convinced otherwise. Not ever.

Option2a:: 89 years?!
Option2b:: So you've been an attendant for 11 years?

Response2a:: Yup! Which means I've been an attendant for... 11 years. Wow! Time sure flies when you're having fun. In the woods. At night. For 11 years.
Response2b:: Yup! 11 years... wow! Time sure flies when you're having fun. In the woods. At night. For 11 years.

End