Lucia Cycle 

Dialogue:: It may be a cold night, XX. If you need help starting a fire, I need only cast a simple spell. Don't be afraid to ask!

Option1:: Actually, I wanted to ask you about your magic. When did you discover it?

Option2:: What do you like most about your magic?


Response1:: Don't worry, most people have questions when they meet me.[]I became Blessed when I was eight years old. My magical abilities strengthened dramatically, though I'll admit there was a bit of a learning curve.[]This was long before I had any skill with magic. That is to say, it was completely out of my control.[]Thankfully, my late grandfather taught me some control. Those times spent training with him as a child are some of my most cherished memories.

Response2:: Oh, it's certainly useful for everyday things. But more than that, it has earned me respect as a young leader.[]Having been blessed by Elios, Sun Haven's citizens rallied behind me as a strong user of magic. Being Blessed shows not only power, but discipline and competence.[]Pod even called me his "guiding light!" It was just darling!


Option1a:: It seems irresponsible to give that power to a child. //Relationship Lucia2 -1 Sad

Option1b:: No wonder you're so skilled with it! //Relationship Lucia2 2 Happy

Response1a:: I wouldn't go that far, XX. Elios never acts in ignorance and only does what is best for Sun Haven. He knew I was to become a powerful leader for the people of this town.

Response1b:: Controlling my magic has been a lifelong journey, one that I'm still on. Over time, I developed a profound relationship with magic.[]That journey helped me become the leader I needed to be for Sun Haven - an Archmage.


Option2a:: What everyday things can be done with fire magic?

Option2b:: Do you think your job is easier because of your magic?

Response2a:: Well, firstly, I never need a lantern. I also power the lighthouse with a charm that lasts through each night.[]Oh yes, and I keep all of the torches in town alight when it rains. It's actually quite fun for me to walk through the rain and hear it sizzle away on my skin.

Response2b:: Certainly it gives me an advantage. However, Sun Haven needs any and all advantages it can get right now.


End
