Lucia Cycle P10

Dialogue:: Hello there, XX. The other day I was speaking with Nathaniel and he tells me there's been a noticable decline in monsters outside the town borders.[]You wouldn't happen to be responsible, would you?

Option1:: I've slain a few monsters, I suppose.
Option2:: Is the town in any danger of monsters?

Response1:: You can farm <i>and</i> fight! Very commendable, XX. Truly, I mean that. It isn't your job, but the safer the forests beyond the town are, the better!
Response2:: Sun Haven itself is completely secure, though you should know that by now. However, the forests are teeming with dangerous monsters.[]Travel, at least by foot, is therefore quite dangerous for those who can't defend themselves. Someday I want to change that, and make travel of all kinds safe for everyone.

Option1a:: Can't the guards deal with monsters on their own? //Relationship LuciaP10 -1
Option1b:: Don't mention it, it's great to help out. //Relationship LuciaP10 2 Happy

Response1a:: Well of course the town is capable of defending itself, XX. The guards do an excellent job, and I'm always ready to help fill in when needed.[]I merely wanted to thank you for helping out.
Response1b:: That's the kind of attitude we need in Sun Haven! We're very lucky to have someone as muti-talented as you here. Elios said he sensed great potential in you, and it shows.

Option2a:: How will you accomplish that vision?
Option2b:: There's a lot of monsters in the forest!

Response2a:: It might sound like a big task, but Sun Haven hosts some very strong soldiers. Perhaps we could establish dedicated monster slaying units?[]Though I'd hate to put any of our troops in harm's way. Hm, I'll have to really put some thought into this.
Response2b:: It might sound like a big task, but Sun Haven hosts some very strong soldiers. Perhaps we could establish dedicated monster slaying units?[]Though I'd hate to put any of our troops directly in harm's way. Hm, I'll have to really put some thought into this.

End