Xyla Cycle 8

Dialogue:: If you're going to spend so much time here, you might as well help out. Most of our citizens contribute somehow, you know.

Option1:: Is that where all of this technology came from?

Option2:: Hey, I'm a very helpful person.


Response1:: I'd love to take credit for all our awesome lights, but that's the one part of Withergate I had nothing to do with.[]The people actually brought all this technology with them from... wherever they came from. The takeaway is that even our lowest citizens have more to offer than your Human town!

Response2:: Maybe, or maybe you're just in it for the pay.[]Actually, that reminds me. I have something for you. Don't read into it too much, but it's a gift.


Option1a:: You still had something to do with it, you know. //Relationship Xyla8 2 Happy

Option1b:: You shouldn't call them your "lowest citizens." //Relationship Xyla8 -1 Mad

Response1a:: Hm, yeah, I guess you're right. They wouldn't even be here if not for me. Good point, farmer!

Response1b:: If that actually bothers you, then you have no sense of class. It's called a hierarchy, and you're at the bottom.


Option2a:: Wait, you have a gift for me? //AddItem none Xyla'sQueenChessPiece 1

Option2b:: You've never surprised me like this before! //AddItem none Xyla'sQueenChessPiece 1

Response2a:: Yeah, yeah, don't make a big thing about it. I figure since we're starting to be... friends and all...[]Anyway, just take this. It's a chess piece, the black queen. I swiped it from the Demon King's chess set when we were remodeling the throne room.[]I thought it would remind you of me. Also, I don't want to get blamed for the stolen piece. You're welcome!

Response2b:: Yeah, yeah, don't make a big thing about it. I figure since we're starting to be... friends and all...[]Anyway, just take this. It's a chess piece, the black queen. I swiped it from the Demon King's chess set when we were remodeling the throne room.[]I thought it would remind you of me. Also, I don't want to get blamed for the stolen piece. You're welcome!


End
